c:\users\alunocmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\produtos\produtos\bin\Debug\produtos.exe.config
c:\users\alunocmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\produtos\produtos\bin\Debug\produtos.exe
c:\users\alunocmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\produtos\produtos\bin\Debug\produtos.pdb
c:\users\alunocmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\produtos\produtos\bin\Debug\Mono.Security.dll
c:\users\alunocmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\produtos\produtos\bin\Debug\Npgsql.dll
c:\users\alunocmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\produtos\produtos\bin\Debug\System.Buffers.dll
c:\users\alunocmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\produtos\produtos\bin\Debug\System.Memory.dll
c:\users\alunocmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\produtos\produtos\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.dll
c:\users\alunocmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\produtos\produtos\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
c:\users\alunocmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\produtos\produtos\bin\Debug\System.ValueTuple.dll
c:\users\alunocmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\produtos\produtos\bin\Debug\System.Buffers.xml
c:\users\alunocmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\produtos\produtos\bin\Debug\System.Memory.xml
c:\users\alunocmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\produtos\produtos\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.xml
c:\users\alunocmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\produtos\produtos\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
c:\users\alunocmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\produtos\produtos\bin\Debug\System.ValueTuple.xml
c:\users\alunocmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\produtos\produtos\obj\Debug\produtos.frmcadprodutos.resources
c:\users\alunocmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\produtos\produtos\obj\Debug\produtos.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\alunocmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\produtos\produtos\obj\Debug\produtos.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\alunocmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\produtos\produtos\obj\Debug\produtos.exe
c:\users\alunocmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\produtos\produtos\obj\Debug\produtos.pdb
C:\Users\alunocmc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\produtos\produtos\obj\Debug\produtos.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
